1.What do HTML and CSS stand for? HTML is Hypertext Markup Language and CSS is Cascading Style Sheets 
2. Would you rather use HTML or CSS, for putting paragraphs of text on a webpage? HTML
3. Would you rather use HTML or CSS, to change the font and background color of a 
button? CSS
4. What is an HTML tag? html tag is a thing that allows u to put something on ur website page
5. What are the three parts of an HTML element? (image from paragraph)
6. What is the purpose of the doctype declaration? allows browser to understand what version of html is used 
7. What is the HTML element? Everything that's on the web-site page
8. What is the purpose of the head element? to put there different links such as link to css or link to google fonts
9. What is the purpose of the body element? to present everything waht's on web-page to user 
10. How do you create a paragraph in HTML? <p></p>
11. How do you create a heading in HTML?<h1></h1>    
12. How many different levels of headings are there and what is the difference between
them? 4
13. What element should you use to make text bold and important? h1
14. What element should you use to make text italicized to add emphasis to it? i tag  
15. What relationship does an element have with any nested elements within it? parent and child 
16. What relationship do two elements have if they are at the same level of nesting?
17. How do you create HTML comments? <!--  -->
18. What HTML tag is used to create an unordered list?  ul
19. What HTML tag is used to create an ordered list? ol
20. What HTML tag is used to create list items within both unordered and ordered lists? li
21. What element is used to create a link? a
22. What is an attribute? a source
23. What attribute tells links where to go? 
24. What is the difference between an absolute and relative link?
25. Which element is used to display an image? img
26. What two attributes do images always need to have? source and width
27. How do you access a parent directory in a file path? ./
28. What are the four main image formats that you can use for images on the web? 